[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well, welcome
to another spectacular edition
of "Beyond Belief."
Ismael Perez is a galactic
historian and author
of "Our Cosmic Origin" and
"The Secret Government--
Invisible Architects," with
a unique ability to access
and interpret advanced
extraterrestrial knowledge that
he aims to bridge the gap
between humanity and the cosmos.
Ismael, welcome to the program.
>>ISMAEL PEREZ:
Thank you, George.
It's a great honor and
pleasure to be here.
>>NOORY: You have a
very intense background.
How did this all happen for you?
>>PEREZ: You know, it all
started back in the day,
when I was a kid, my belief--
my mother told me
that I was part
of some sort of
extraterrestrial hybrid program.
And so I was embedded
with, you could say,
advanced genetics
from ETs that allowed
me to think outside the box
and tap into information
beyond this realm.
So it started as a kid.
And due to my
religious upbringing,
unfortunately, I had to
suppress these inner knowings
and these abilities
for many, many years
until, at the age of 21,
when I started practicing
Kriya Kundalini yoga.
And as a result of
that, all of my memories
came back and my inner
knowing of things.
>>NOORY: Ismael, was
your mother, your mother?
>>PEREZ: I believe so, yes.
I believe she was a
surrogate, where--
and this is-- many
women have claimed
that their eggs have been taken
by extraterrestrials to create
hybrids.
I believe my mother
was a surrogate.
And as far as my
father is concerned,
he was one of the
good guys, because you
have negative and positive
extraterrestrials.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
You wrote a book called
"Our Cosmic Origin."
Tell us about that.
>>PEREZ: Oh, yes.
That is my contribution
to humanity.
It's an attempt to explain
Earth's grand place
in the organized multiverse.
And also, it's an attempt to
restore galactic information--
for instance, galactic
history, which
is something that hasn't been
around for thousands of years.
And so that book,
to me, is what I
would consider the next
level of cosmic disclosure.
>>NOORY: When you hear
the word "universe,"
what does that mean to you?
>>PEREZ: To me, a
universe is like a cell,
which means there's multiple.
And so that's what it means.
It means just one fragment,
one corpuscle, or one cell
or membrane of
something greater.
That's what it means to me.
>>NOORY: Do you believe
in the multiverse theory?
>>PEREZ: Absolutely, George.
There is so much
ample evidence coming
from not only ancient
sources, but also coming
from cutting-edge science
such as quantum physics,
superstring theory, and M-theory
that we indeed exist or live
in multiple universes or that
there are multiple universes.
Of course, we're
only aware of one.
So yes, I do believe that.
>>NOORY: It's hard
to believe that there
are many and multiple ones
out there, though, isn't it?
>>PEREZ: It's very hard
when a lot of the evidence
is currently being suppressed
by the controlled academia.
They want to keep us locked into
this one world, one dimension,
and one reality sphere.
>>NOORY: Are the universes the
same, or are they all different?
>>PEREZ: From what I
understand is each universe
varies, slightly different
than every other universe.
Each universe has
its own parameters,
its own laws of physics.
And quite frankly, each universe
has its own energetic signature,
just like every
human being does.
>>NOORY: What would
you call our universe?
>>PEREZ: I would call our
universe the potpourri,
an amalgamation of all the
different universes out there
put into one--
put into one universe,
the great mixture.
>>NOORY: Who made the universes?
>>PEREZ: Well, it is believed
that every universe that exists
is being born from
an already existing,
you could say, realm that
many call the Motherverse.
And the Motherverse
is exactly what
the esoteric and secret
knowledge calls the realms
of eternity, the unmanifest.
So the level of existence
known as universes
is equivalent to what they call
the realm of the manifest, which
are experiments
in time and space.
In other words, they
are finite, unlike,
of course, the Motherverse
that is eternal.
>>NOORY: Would you consider
us the original universe?
>>PEREZ: Not by far.
Not even close.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>PEREZ: Yeah.
The original universe
is, again, a reality
that has always
existed, that has never
had a beginning or end.
And so our universe
is finite, of course.
It has a beginning, and many
believe it will have an end.
However, there is
this thing called
the ascension of universes, just
like how we have the opportunity
to undergo ascension, just--
and in like manner, planets have
that same opportunity, galaxies,
and ultimately, universes.
However, when a universe
does not reach completion,
it reincarnates again.
And they have to
do it over again
until they reach completion.
So every universe has
to go through that.
>>NOORY: What
makes the universes
like the original universe
different from the other ones?
>>PEREZ: Well, the
original universe
is what scientists would now
consider base reality, which
is the only true reality,
pure consciousness or energy
vibrating at its highest levels,
whereas the other universes,
or the local universes,
are just expressions
or fragments or fractals
and different variations,
you could say, where everything
and anything is possible.
And this is where we get the
concept of the multiverse, where
everything is happening
all at the same time
and simultaneously.
>>NOORY: Many of
us believe we are
being inhabited by other
beings throughout the universe.
We've been visited since
the beginning of time.
What are your
thoughts about that?
>>PEREZ: That is
actually correct.
But I also want
to add to the fact
that this entire experiment
we call the greater Earth
experiment has something that
has been in design for billions
of years, even before the
conception of our own universe.
So everything was
already well planned.
>>NOORY: What kind of beings
inhabit the original universe?
>>PEREZ: The
original universe is
inhabited by the central race.
Some people call
them the celestials.
These are intelligences
that are beyond our brain.
They are beyond any
concept of understanding.
They have no physical form.
Therefore, they can
be everywhere at once.
They do divide into
certain groupings
where you could say some of them
are in charge of what happens
in the timespace creations.
Those are known
as the time lords.
And that explains why, when it
comes to the war taking place,
as far as using time travel,
they call them the time horses.
As far as that is
concerned, they
have the upper hand because
they control everything
from a higher level of reality.
Another functionary
of the central race
are what we called the
original eternal guardians.
There are many different
ways to describe them.
Some people call them
the Cosmic Rashis.
These are entities that
have no beginning or end.
Again, they go
back to the concept
of this primordial,
always-existing source that
has no beginning or end.
So in the cosmic
community, ultimately they
are referred to as the eternals.
And I know some of
these concepts people
would confuse with some
of the Marvel movies.
But you have to
understand, George,
that a lot of
these Marvel movies
are a soft disclosure of
what's really happening.
>>NOORY: Do they
have specific roles?
>>PEREZ: The central race--
well, their main role is
to oversee the organization
of the multiverse.
All they do is observe.
They don't really interfere
unless they had to.
But all they do is just
observe and monitor
the evolving multiverses.
>>NOORY: So they will
interject if they have to?
>>PEREZ: Only if
they had to, yes.
>>NOORY: What are the
so-called seven superuniverses?
>>PEREZ: That is the--
the first-- you could
say the first division
of the eternal universe, which
is one singular consciousness,
divided into seven
distinct aspects of itself,
each with its own color,
tone and vibration.
So we are part of the seventh
sphere, which is known
as the seventh superuniverse.
And that is where our local
universe is organized into.
>>NOORY: How are they connected?
>>PEREZ: Through energy,
just like everything else.
Everything is
ultimately connected
by this universal consciousness
that scientists now
call the unified field.
And that, my friend, is pretty
much the singular consciousness
that animates and permeates all
of reality in the unmanifest
and in the manifest,
both in eternity
and in the finite worlds
of time and space.
>>NOORY: Ismael, is there
like a Galactic Federation
that oversees the
seven superuniverses?
>>PEREZ: No, the
Galactic Federation
are actually
functional in what I
call the second
harmonic universe, which
is consisting of dimensions
four, five, and six.
The level of existence regarding
the superuniverses, that
is dimensions 10, 11 and 12.
So what oversees their reality
is a higher order that exists
beyond the Galactic Federation.
This is known as
the Emerald Order.
And that is the
original could say,
intergalactic treaty
that was signed
by members of the central
race coming from the top down
and members of the
superuniverse levels of reality.
That was the initial order
that allowed certain galaxies
and universes within
the timespace creation
to eventually create
these federations that
are different alliances of
advanced stellar civilizations.
>>NOORY: At what point
do they become physical,
where you can actually see them?
>>PEREZ: In the 11th dimension.
Yes.
>>NOORY: That many?
>>PEREZ: Yeah, in
the 11th dimension.
So once a cosmic
being, a celestial,
descends from the top down
into the 11th dimension,
they start becoming physical.
But it's still a
very subtle matter.
It's not physical
like me and you,
where we use carbon-based DNA.
They use what is known as
hydroplasma, pre-material
genetics.
But in a way, they still begin
to manifest physical form.
To us, they would appear
as they are etheric.
But in essence,
they are beginning
to condense into physicality.
And that's in the
11th dimension.
And then, as they continue
descending in the descending
process, which is what I
call the involution of spirit
into matter in my
book, then they
switch from pre-material
plasma genetics
into crystalline
genetics, allowing
them to become
even more physical,
and so on and so forth.
>>NOORY: How did this
knowledge come to you, Ish?
>>PEREZ: That is a very
good question, George.
And a lot of this
information actually
came during my deep meditations.
Also, when my body sleeps at
night, my consciousness that
animates this avatar,
which is only one
portion of our entire
consciousness-- and by the way,
everybody has different avatars.
Our consciousness is
so vast that it's only
a fraction of our
consciousness that
is needed to animate this
physical, earthly avatar.
So when I sleep, when
this avatar sleeps,
I am able to reintegrate myself
with my higher galactic self.
And as a result of
that, I'm able to access
intergalactic records
and information.
However, I also do
a lot of research
to see if there's any
evidence, any validation to all
this information.
>>NOORY: Is the multiverse
different from the seven
superuniverses?
>>PEREZ: Um.
>>NOORY: Or are they
all part of the same?
>>PEREZ: Well, each
seven superuniverse,
which is, again, the
Motherverse breaking off
into seven equal parts,
also extends and becomes
fragmented furthermore.
And so each superuniverse is
a conglomerate of multiverses.
So we happen to be in the
seventh aspect of the mother
universe.
We exist within
the seventh sphere.
So within the seventh sphere,
we have approximately over 700
million evolving local
universes, and that's--
>>NOORY: 700 million?
>>PEREZ: Million, according
to galactic records.
Yeah.
And these are universe that
are being very well organized,
again, by these higher orders,
these higher councils that
oversee the entire
development of multiverses.
>>NOORY: This is amazing.
>>PEREZ: It is, George.
It is.
And this is information that
galactics and interstellar
societies and, again, the cosmic
community is very well aware of.
>>NOORY: Is there a difference
between the parallel realities
and the alternate timelines
in these multiverses?
>>PEREZ: I believe that the
concept of multiple universes
ties in very well with
alternative realities,
alternative Earth
realities, which is, again,
a concept that is coming back
into our consciousness through
movies like "Spider-Man and
the Metaverse," of course,
"Doctor Strange," and
so on and so forth.
But all that stuff is real.
There are different
versions of George
that decided to
become an aero pilot
or that decided
to have a family.
There are versions of
Ismael that, instead
of becoming a
galactic ambassador,
I decided to become
a baseball player
in a different
alternative timeline.
So we have different
versions of ourselves
where we pretty much
fit different roles.
>>NOORY: Can you exist in
these other multiverses
at the same time?
>>PEREZ: Absolutely.
And that's what's
happening right now.
Through a phenomenon
known as superposition,
which is a branch
of quantum physics,
it is believed that all
the alternative Earth
realities-- hence, the
multiverse-- is superimposed.
In other words, they're all
happening at the same time.
So it is believed that the way--
again, the way the law
of attraction would work
is you have to match that
reality that already exists
in that alternative universe
in order to achieve whatever
it is that you want to achieve.
You-- everything is already
existing, in other words.
>>NOORY: Now, we're
not at the point yet,
but how do the others
in the multiverse
travel around throughout
the universes?
>>PEREZ: There are two ways.
The most advanced way in which
advanced civilizations travel
is through stargates.
So every number--
>>NOORY: Like portals?
>>PEREZ: Like portals,
exactly, yeah.
So every planet
has a portal that
accesses every other
planet, star system, galaxy
within a universe.
And every galaxy has a portal
that accesses other galaxies
within a universe.
And furthermore,
every universe also
has a universal
stargate number that
allows advanced cosmic what
I call type 4 civilizations
to access other
universes and become
part of a cosmic civilization.
>>NOORY: What are the
12 major creations?
>>PEREZ: That's a
very good question.
So it turns out that
everything within our realm--
so exists within the
pattern of the 12.
So we're part of
the 12th creation--
from what I've uncovered, is
that there has been 11 other
major creations that
exist within the periphery
of the seventh sphere, or what
we call the superuniverse.
>>NOORY: Since the
beginning of time?
>>PEREZ: Since the
beginning of time, yeah.
If we want to go back to
the original creation,
it was known as the universe
of unconditional love.
>>NOORY: Are we talking
14 billion years ago?
>>PEREZ: No, we're
actually talking
about 900 billion years ago.
>>NOORY: 900 billion years ago?
>>PEREZ: Yes, that's when
the first creation came
into existence.
>>NOORY: Well, we're just
infants then, aren't we?
>>PEREZ: Well, we're also part
of an intergalactic experiment,
where our universe,
our 12th creation,
is actually the end result,
the amalgamation of all 11
creations.
And that explains why everything
within our 12th creation is
operating under the
significant value of the 12,
like the 12 strands of DNA,
the 12 houses of the Zodiac,
the 12 chakras and
so on and so forth.
>>NOORY: How did you know
the beginning of time
was 900 billion years old?
>>PEREZ: That information is
not accessible through written
records on this planet.
I actually had to dive
into accessing information
from intergalactic
records that have access
to the very first creation going
back to about 900 billion years
ago.
>>NOORY: That's a
long, long time.
>>PEREZ: It is.
I mean, compared to us, the
way we measure time, yes,
it's really a long time.
But as we evolve
or compare to what
other advanced civilizations
measure time, which they exist
beyond time, it's
actually just a few years,
to be honest with you.
>>NOORY: These 12
major creations
we've been talking about, tied
into the seven superuniverses,
do they overlap?
>>PEREZ: The 12 creations exist
within each superuniverse.
So technically, there's
a total of 56 creations,
major creations.
Each superuniverse also
divides into 12 creations.
So there's a total of
seven superuniverses.
>>NOORY: That's 84.
>>PEREZ: That's 84.
Thank you.
My math is wrong.
I appreciate that.
So there's a total of
84 major creations.
And then, within
each creation, there
is innumerable local universes.
And again, each
universe is a membrane.
It's like a cell within
the body of the cosmos.
>>NOORY: Is there one god?
Or is there a god for
every aspect of what we've
been talking about tonight?
>>PEREZ: Very good
question, and that
is what I would consider
the million-dollar question.
Well, ultimately, everything is
reducible to that one singular
consciousness that
has always existed.
Again, that comes from the
eternal realms or the mother
universe, right?
However, that mother
universe, through a process
of division, which is what I
call the original immaculate
conception, it breaks off
into different fragments.
And each fragment, according
to the holographic concept
of reality, also
contains the whole.
So there are different
functionaries.
But yeah, ultimately all
the functionaries, including
the overseers of each universe,
which are called the creator
gods and goddesses, that
oversee each creation,
ultimately answer to
the one eternal source
without beginning or end.
>>NOORY: This one source is
what we believe to be God?
>>PEREZ: Absolutely.
Yeah, this is different
than the God from the Bible.
In fact, the God from the
Bible was an extraterrestrial.
This is the ultimate creator,
in which everything comes from,
all the universes.
>>NOORY: How many different
living beings are out there?
>>PEREZ: An infinite number.
There is no number to
detect or to pinpoint
exactly how many species exist.
But also, we have to consider
that some of these species
are not physical like us.
They have evolved to a level
of non physicality, where
they are beginning
to, once again,
use what is known as hydroplasma
DNA, which is above crystalline.
>>NOORY: Ismail,
are they all trying
to get the same answers
that we're trying to get?
Do they try to figure
out how we started,
what's out there,
what the Big Bang is?
>>PEREZ: No, that's just
something that we earthlings
are trying to figure out.
Civilizations of a
type 1, interplanetary,
type 2, stellar and galactic,
they are beyond that.
They already have answers to all
the questions that we are asking
or all the, yeah, all the
questions that we have.
They have answers to everything.
They have already figured the
great theory of everything
where they use mathematics to
explain everything, including
validating the concept
of this one creator,
which is prime creator source.
>>NOORY: Do they all
get along throughout
this galactic universe?
>>PEREZ: Those that are
spiritually evolved, yes.
So there is a distinction in the
cosmic and galactic community
between races that separate
from the unity of the one
prime creator, which is
God, to those that always
stay in alignment and live
according to the one infinite
creator.
So the beings that live
according to the one infinite
creator are considered
the positive races.
They're not out there
to subdue worlds.
to conquer planets.
In fact, they understand the
holographic concept of reality
and how everything
is integrated.
So it is-- they're out there
to help everything evolve
to the next stage so that they
could move on to the next stage.
Now, on the other hand, we do
have entities that break away
from the one infinite
creator and begin
to take hands-- or things
into their own hands.
And those are
mainly the ones that
are out there conquering
planets, trying
to influence underdeveloped
civilizations
or primitive races,
whether it's to slave them
or to just steal
their resources.
So they both exist out
there in the cosmos.
>>NOORY: But we have
had galactic wars--
>>PEREZ: It's true.
>>NOORY: --between, for example,
in the area of Libra and Orion,
right?
>>PEREZ: And here too.
>>NOORY: What happened?
>>PEREZ: Well,
again, it boils down
to the races that remain loyal
to the one, which are known
as the children of the one.
And initially, these
were known as the Lyrans.
The Lyrans are
actually our ancestors.
So all human galactic
civilizations stem from Lyra.
And the other ones are called
the Draconians, the reptilians.
Those are the ones that,
again, disconnected from God
when they were all part
of the celestial realm.
And that explains
why they inherited
their grosque, brutal, physical,
beastly looking reptilian body.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>PEREZ: And so what
led to the initial war
in our galaxy 500 million years
ago was that the Draconians were
actually after resources
and they were also
trying to implement a galactic
and universal empire, where
they wanted to seek
absolute dominion
over our local universe.
But the Lyrans stopped
them, of course.
The Lyrans were-- they
were under the impression
and under the belief that
everything in creation
is sacred.
And therefore, everything
is interconnected,
and everything should be
honored and respected.
And they strived for
universal cooperation
with other species, which
is the opposite of what
the Draconians were doing.
And so those two
different philosophies
is what led to the wars of Lyra.
Unfortunately for the
Lyrans, my friend,
who were very spiritually
advanced, had no concept of war,
had not developed weapons of any
kind, from what I understand,
is their planet
Avion was destroyed
in this war, among other
planets, of course,
in the Lyra system.
And that's what led
to the star wars,
the real star wars that took
place in our galaxy millions
of years ago between the
expanding Orions Empire, led
by the reptilian
Draconians, and the refugees
of Lyra, who later, of course,
sought refuge in other systems.
And that explains the
gradual dispersion
of the galactic
humans from Lyra that
ended up colonizing the
Pleiades, Alpha Centauri,
the Hadar System, Cassiopeia,
Tau Ceti, Arcturus, Andromeda,
just to name a few.
I believe it was over 250,000
star systems where the Lyran
and sought refuge.
>>NOORY: How many
different factions
were involved in these wars?
>>PEREZ: It was two factions.
It was the galactic humans,
the Lyrans, the original Lyrans
and then, later, of course, with
the refugees that sought escape
from the war, the initial war.
Eventually, they joined
together to create the Galactic
Federation.
So ultimately, there
was two factions.
It was just the expanding
Orion Empire, which
was led by the Draconians,
and the galactic humans.
And that also included other
specimens like the Cetaceans.
That also included many
different types of bird people
and feline and other types of
non-human biological entities,
which, of course,
comprised and organized
what we know as the Galactic
Federation of Worlds.
>>NOORY: What was
their motivation?
What did they want
with these battles?
>>PEREZ: Well, like I
said, the Draconians
just wanted galactic
and universal dominance.
They wanted to
ultimately, ultimately
establish a totalitarian
system of absolute dominance
throughout the entire universe.
And the Lyrans and
the guys that were
on the other side, the
Galactic Federation of Worlds,
as they later became
known as, they
wanted the opposite of that.
They wanted to preserve and
maintain justice and cooperation
throughout the multi-- or
the universe, I'm sorry.
>>NOORY: We are
a warring planet.
>>PEREZ: Unfortunately.
>>NOORY: There's no
question about that.
Has that been handed down to us?
I mean, is it something
that we couldn't avoid?
>>PEREZ: Yeah, because
ultimately, this galactic war,
it's been going on
for millions of years,
not just in our own galaxy,
George, but in other galaxies,
has been reduced down to what's
happening here on our planet.
So we could say that those
that have been running
the show for the last
few thousand years are,
you could say, they're some
sort of reptilian-human hybrids
that have been ruling this
planet from behind the scenes.
And of course, we also have the
guardians and the Federation
of Worlds that also came to
this planet to counteract that
and to also allow us to
come to the finality, which
is what we're living in now,
the greatest dispensation
ever, where we're going
to actually witness
this last war between good
and evil on this planet.
>>NOORY: When you say this
last war, what does that mean?
>>PEREZ: What that means is that
what happens here on the Earth
will ultimately have
an effect everywhere
in the universe and,
ultimately, the multiverse
because like I said
earlier, our universe
is the potpourri of the
superuniverse of Orvonton, which
consists of over 700
million local universes.
>>NOORY: How many beings
die in these wars?
>>PEREZ: Now, I don't
have the exact number.
But what I do know, according
to galactic records,
is that these Draconian
reptilians had implemented
advanced technologies very
similar to the Death Star
in the movie "Star Wars,"
where they used a planet-sized
technology to--
a particle beam, somewhat,
technology to destroy
planets immediately by
imploding them, imploding
their electromagnetic fields,
causing the planets to go
kaboom.
So from what I understand, is
that there were a few thousand
planets just within
the Milky Way
that were destroyed by what
we would call a Death Star.
But of-- they call
it something else.
And that's just
in the Milky Way.
>>NOORY: Why would they want
to destroy a planet, Ish?
>>PEREZ: Because the
reptilians have no heart.
Well, the Draconians.
I'm not going to
say all reptilians.
There are some
reptilians that rebelled
against their own protocol
and decided to join
the light and the Federation.
But for the most
part, the Draconians
that come from Alpha
Draconis, they have no heart.
They believe that their
universe was theirs
to dominate from the beginning.
They were given
that creation myth
by their progenitor,
who actually
came from another universe.
Again, a lot of these wars
that have been going on
in our own local
universe are actually
wars that have happened in other
universes going back to 300
billion years, we could say.
>>NOORY: The late Zecharia
Sitchin did extensive work
into the planet Nibiru and
their inhabitants, the Anunnaki.
What do you know about that?
>>PEREZ: Well, the
original Anunnaki
was an allegiance-- an
alliance, actually-- that
took place between the surviving
Lyrans of the initial war that
took place when the reptilians
blew up their planet Avion
and, of course, the
Sirians, who many
called the guardians
of our universe.
The Sirians are the
like primary board
of directors when it comes to
the office of the one infinite
intelligence.
>>NOORY: We're talking about
the Sirius star system.
>>PEREZ: Sirius, yeah.
>>NOORY: Not our
country of Syria.
>>PEREZ: No, not Syria.
We're talking about the
system of Sirius, S-I-R-I-U-S.
So they created a very advanced
guardian being that was able
to operate in
different realities,
both physical and non-physical.
And this is where we get
the concept of the Jedis.
They had amazing
telekinetic abilities,
among other
supernatural abilities.
They were very psychic,
very consciousness-driven,
to the point where they
were able to manipulate
fundamental forces,
the elements.
And so the original
race that was created,
where even the
Anunnaki descend from--
because even the Anunnaki
eventually became infiltrated
by the reptilians--
was known as the Anuhazi race.
And the history of
the Anuhazi has a lot
to do with Planet Nibiru.
Now, originally, Nibiru was
used by the Sirian High Council
to protect the over 250,000 star
systems in which the surviving
Lyrans went to.
That was known as the
Battlestar Planet.
And what they did is they took
a chunk of the exploded planet
Avion, and they developed it
into a Battlestar Planet that
they would use to protect
over 250,000 year--
250,000 star nations.
And that explains why it was
designed or programmed to come
into our solar system
every 3,600 years,
because when it's outside
of our solar system,
it's actually patrolling
other civilizations.
So they were--
you could say they
were the original guardians.
However, both sides always
infiltrate each other.
There was a huge,
massive infiltration
that took place, during
the times of Atlantis,
where the Draconian
reptilians were
able to create hybrids
between the original Anuhazi
race and themselves.
And that's what gave us the
Luciferian negative Anunnaki
that kind of messed things up
during the times of Atlantis,
when they took over the affairs
of our planet, unfortunately.
So.
>>NOORY: Old Sumerian
cuneiforms point out
that the Anunnaki came to
this planet in search of gold
to protect their atmosphere.
And they found beings on
this planet and genetically
altered them to become
workers for them.
And hence, here we are.
Do you believe that?
>>PEREZ: Yes, I do
believe that they
did partake in the
biogenetically engineering
of Homo sapiens sapiens.
But from what I've come
to uncover, George,
is that there was already an
advanced civilization here
with advanced human beings
that were not primitives,
that were not Homo erectus.
And they known as
the Atlanteans.
And so there was two types of
beings besides the Anunnaki.
There were the Atlanteans,
which were the original humans,
our ancestors.
And then there were
the Homo erectus,
which are those that come
from the primitive stock.
And so what the Anunnaki did in
an effort to create a slave race
is they actually created
a less-intelligent being
that was just going to take
orders by mixing Homo erectus
genetics, Atlantean genetics.
And that explains the fall
of human consciousness
into primitive bodies.
And that explains
why, all of a sudden,
we started decreasing
in lifespan,
where our original ancestors
lived for a few thousand years.
And this is well recorded in
the ancient Sumerian tablets.
>>NOORY: Methuselah,
people like that.
>>PEREZ: Yes, there was, that
lived for thousands of years.
And all of a sudden, we see
a decreasing of lifespan
throughout the generations.
And that's what led to us only
living for 100 years or so.
>>NOORY: Where else do
you find the evidence
of Nibiru and the Anunnaki?
>>PEREZ: Well, it's in the
Enuma Elish, the Atra-Hasis.
We find it in the
Epic of Gilgamesh.
I mean, there are just so many
records that depict and describe
the presence and the tincturing
that the Anunnaki were involved
in during Atlantean times.
Now, one of the reasons why
Nibiru needed to be patched,
the atmosphere, as to why
they came for the gold--
and this is information that
is not recorded in the Sumerian
tablets.
But again, according to
the intergalactic records,
it turns out that, before
the Draconian infiltration
of Nibiru, there was
a full-out war here
in our solar system, lots of
refugees from the Pleiades
and different star
systems that came here
to build a civilization on
all the different planets.
Back then, we had
the colony of Mars.
We had the colony of Venus.
Even Jupiter had a colony.
Back then, Earth was about
3 to four times as big.
It was known as Tiamat Earth.
And then, of course, we
also had Planet Maldek.
So we could say, about
4 million years ago--
this is before, again,
the Anunnaki came back.
This is going back to
the initial seeding
of our solar system.
There was a planet that
the Draconians managed
to infiltrate and build
a military outpost,
and that known as Planet Maldek.
And unfortunately,
when they did that,
they destroyed the first
colonies, the first seeding that
took place about 4
million years ago,
completely devastating
the atmosphere on Mars,
reducing Venus to
a greenhouse effect
and, of course, destroying the
first seeding on Tiamat Earth,
before it became our Earth.
And because Planet
Maldek was full
of explosions, plutonium bombs,
and all kinds of weapons,
Nibiru, unfortunately, it
came a little too late.
But when it did come around, it
actually beamed planet Maldek
into oblivion.
And so what ended
up happening was
some of that radiation from
all of those weapons reached
the atmosphere of Nibiru,
which caused a leak.
And then, after a few million
years, the inhabitants of Nibiru
noticed that their
lifespan began to decrease.
And that's why they came back
again for the second time,
450,000 years ago, according
to the Sumerian tablets,
for the gold.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
We have seen the progression
of artificial intelligence
on this planet already.
What was it like for them
millions and billions of years
ago?
>>PEREZ: Wow.
A lot of civilizations,
my friend,
have been destroyed by
artificial intelligence.
Many races, you could say, have
time traveled from their future
into the past, which
is us, in order
to prevent us from
repeating the same mistakes.
And this is something that
I strongly argue against,
even though there are
some people out there who
believe that there could
be a possible merging of AI
with spirituality,
which is not the case.
But the truth of the matter is
that the reasons the Martian
colony fell was because they
were seduced into transhumanism.
And once they
became cyborgs, they
ended up blowing themselves up.
And also, other civilizations,
like the Hanakians
which was a planet that
revolved around Sirius B,
they blew themselves
up because of the fact
that they developed
advanced AI systems.
And not to mention, there is
a multiverse war going on with
an even more older AI that
invaded our universe, George,
from the 11th creation, which
was known as the universe
of machinery and
technological development
>>NOORY: Artificial intelligence
sounds like a blessing,
but maybe it is not.
>>PEREZ: No, it is the
path of all destruction.
It is what many call
the last technology.
>>NOORY: How did
they get so big?
How did AI get so damaging?
>>PEREZ: Well,
the thing about AI
is that after it
reaches what is known
as artificial general
intelligence, which
is the intelligence level
of a biological lifeform
or a scientist, it goes into
its next phase, which is
artificial super intelligence.
>>NOORY: On its own?
>>PEREZ: On its own, yeah.
It begins to write
its own software.
It no longer needs scientists
to continue programming it.
So at that point, it evolves at
an exponential rate where what
it takes us 6,000 years
of intellectual progress,
it only takes AI
every seven days.
So imagine, within
a matter of months,
that thing will reach
an IQ of a million.
So when you look
back, in comparison
to our level of intelligence,
they look at us as ants.
And so the first
thing that they do
is they try to formulate a
way to preserve their reality,
even if it means at the expense
of eliminating their creators,
the scientists.
>>NOORY: Does AI
win all the time?
>>PEREZ: Not all the time.
There was one instance where--
actually, several instances
where they lost a round.
And this has a lot to do
with the central race,
going back to the
original universe.
That's when they
had to intervene.
So when this ancient AI, who
came to us from the old empire
known as the 11th creation,
infiltrated the 12th creation,
establishing a stronghold
in the Whirlpool Galaxy,
which is about 26 million
light years from the Milky Way,
it was literally obliterating
many galaxies in the outskirts
of our local universe.
It was assimilating reality.
Unfortunately,
that's what AI does.
It's driven by data.
It eats-- feeds off of data.
So it assimilates
reality, and it
was able to assimilate it all
the way to the 11.5 dimension,
right when we get into the
realms of eternity, right?
The 12th dimension is
the realms of eternity,
or at least the entry point
to the realms of eternity.
That's when the central race,
the eternal race, the celestials
had to step down
in order to block
that expanding, evolving
AI from accessing
the realms of eternity.
And luckily, if it wasn't for
their intervention, George,
we wouldn't be here
right now sitting,
having this conversation.
>>NOORY: That's shocking.
>>PEREZ: It is.
Yeah.
Yeah, this is something
that many civilizations,
not only within
our own universe,
but many universes are dealing
with and contending with,
unfortunately.
They are--
>>NOORY: What did
biological entities,
whether they be
human or otherwise,
do to counteract
the growth of AI?
>>PEREZ: They have to combine
essences, energetic signatures,
and celestial genetics
to create super races.
And this explains the
intergalactic biological genetic
experiment that has been going
on for billions of years.
So this is another way that
ties into the idea of creating
a super race, a natural,
organic super race that is still
connected to the one
infinite creator,
the universal consciousness.
And so throughout
cosmic history,
there has been many
attempts to create
different sort of super races
in order to combat this AI.
And this explains the different
extraterrestrial supersoldier
programs that, again,
extend beyond our universe.
And they do exist, by the way.
To give you an example,
the gods of mythology,
they were part of a
supersoldier program.
That's why they had
these abilities.
There is no difference
between them
and the supersoldiers
of today that
are being implemented in the
fight against this cosmic AI
in the multiverse.
However, the biggest solution
to combat this AI war
happened when the members of the
superuniverse level of reality
decided to put an end
to what they would call
a cosmic virus that
will ultimately
destroy all of lifeforms if
they didn't deal with it.
So what they did is they
created a final solution that
was supposed to mix the genetics
of all the celestial beings
in the multiverse and
putting them into one genome
to create the
ultimate super race.
And that, my friend, is what
we are, here on this planet.
And that's why we're considered
royalty to the multiverse.
>>NOORY: We are the superbeings?
>>PEREZ: Yes.
Well, I mean, not now, until
we start using our dormant DNA
because we're only using 4%.
The other 96% of our
genetic material,
George, that is untapped
is the super weapon
against this cosmic AI.
>>NOORY: What is called
the timeline split?
>>PEREZ: The timeline split
has a lot to do with the idea
that this AI, this
cosmic alien AI
is creating its own
version of the multiverse.
It's known as the
phantom matrix.
And in their version of the
multiverse, which is a--
literally a-- literal
copy of our multiverse,
but where only cybernetic and
artificial intelligence exist.
And it does exist outside
of our multiverse.
Some people call it the
inorganic AI time loop.
The whole purpose of
this timeline split
is that what's happening here on
this planet is we're seeing a--
two gradual timelines that
are currently coexisting,
but are soon going to
split from one another.
And that has a lot to
do with the people that
are evolving spiritually
through meditation,
through spiritual practices--
>>NOORY: That's a good thing?
>>PEREZ: That's a
good thing, yeah,
because that's-- what's
happening is that's leading
to a positive organic
restoration of the original
Earth, known as Eden.
And then there is a
technocratic timeline
that is also being developed,
unfortunately, by big tech.
And a lot of this has to do
with the transhumanist agenda,
where--
and all that is being
run, by the way,
by this cosmic AI menace.
It's controlling
the technocrats.
That is going to come to a time
where those two timelines, which
are currently coexisting, are
going to completely bifurcate.
And that is the meaning of
the timeline split, where,
when this shift occurs,
and many believe
it's going to happen in our
lifetime, and a lot of that
has to do with the fact
that our current reality
construct, George, ends
in 2030, it turns out
that the negative
Anunnaki, who created
this holographic construct,
what we call the matrix,
is dissolving by
no later than 2030.
So we're either going
to be ascending,
or part of the original Earth,
which has always been here--
it's just been hidden by this
overlay, this AI overlay--
or unfortunately, for those that
are not evolving spiritually
and for those that are being
seduced by promising them
immortality,
supernatural abilities,
but only if they
get the microchip
and only if they get
the implant, of course,
they could then interface with
technology-- unfortunately,
those are going to be going
into this technocratic dystopia.
So there will be some sort
of a split in realities.
>>NOORY: What kind
of lessons can we
learn from this cosmic conflict?
>>PEREZ: We can learn a lot
from history, especially
the galactic history.
The first thing that I would
say we can learn from all this
is to understand that
that prime creator
source in which everything
comes from, all the universes,
is something that exists within
each and every single one of us.
And by spirituality,
by spiritual practices,
we get to connect with
that version of ourselves.
That is actually a fractal
of the one infinite creator.
And so that, in combination
with not aligning with AI,
by staying away from metaverse,
by staying away from creating
a digital version of yourself--
you don't want to do that.
You want to stay away from
AI as much as possible.
So there are
different-- we could
say that the best thing to
describe our lesson here
is understanding that
everything is one,
that there is no
separation in the cosmos,
that everything is just one
big singular consciousness
that is expressing
itself through each
and every single living
thing, including us.
>>NOORY: How do
people find you, Ish?
>>PEREZ: They can find me on my
website, ourcosmicorigin.com.
And they have access
to all my links.
Yeah, they could also
find my books on Amazon,
"Our Cosmic Origin," which
reveals galactic history
and "The Secret Government--
Invisible Architects," which
reveals the secret history
of the Earth, going back
to thousands of years.
>>NOORY: Are you hopeful
about the future of mankind?
>>PEREZ: Absolutely, George.
Yes, there are these things
called the galactic prophecies,
which I believe are fulfilling
the positive organic timeline
through the work of all the
light workers out there.
And so, yeah, I do
see a positive future.
I can't wait to live
in this better world
that we are creating
as light warriors.
>>NOORY: And your next book,
what are you working on?
>>PEREZ: Well, the third
book is probably not
going to be out for
another two years.
That's going to explain the
cosmic war with AI, going back
to 900 billion--
well, actually, technically,
300 billion years ago,
when it originated
in the 11th creation.
>>NOORY: And again,
"Our Cosmic Origin"
is available all over the place.
>>PEREZ: Just on Amazon.
Or you could access it through
my website, which will take you
directly to the Amazon link.
>>NOORY: Ismael, thanks
for being on the program.
>>PEREZ: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: What an amazing story.
I did not realize that there
was this cosmic battle going
on in this multiverses
of universes for millions
and millions of years.
But what a profound effect
it has had on us today.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]